article.md, before:

# Best TTRPGs in 2024

There's nothing better than losing yourself in a story, especially your own, and the best tabletop RPGs can do that. Tabletop RPGs - or roleplaying games - are pen-and-paper experiences that are driven by players' imaginations. The majority of tabletop RPGs have one player taking the role of games master, the person who narratives the story and places characters not controlled by the others, with the rest of the players taking charge of their own individual characters. Players then decide what their characters do in the story and use tools like dice to determine the outcome of events.

The most well-known and popular tabletop roleplaying game in the west is easily Dungeons & Dragons, a fantasy RPG that has appeared in the likes of Stranger Things, is part of the same universe as Baldur's Gate 3 and even had its own movie last year called Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves. Despite D&D's success and renown, there are many other tabletop RPGs available. Some share similarities with D&D - such as gameplay mechanics and setting - whereas others are very different.

[A tutaj link!!!](list_elements/hejka.md)

Commit message:

Added a list of new articles

article.md, after:

# Best TTRPGs in 2024

There's nothing better than losing yourself in a story, especially your own, and the best tabletop RPGs can do that. Tabletop RPGs - or roleplaying games - are pen-and-paper experiences that are driven by players' imaginations. The majority of tabletop RPGs have one player taking the role of games master, the person who narratives the story and places characters not controlled by the others, with the rest of the players taking charge of their own individual characters. Players then decide what their characters do in the story and use tools like dice to determine the outcome of events.

The most well-known and popular tabletop roleplaying game in the west is easily Dungeons & Dragons, a fantasy RPG that has appeared in the likes of Stranger Things, is part of the same universe as Baldur's Gate 3 and even had its own movie last year called Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves. Despite D&D's success and renown, there are many other tabletop RPGs available. Some share similarities with D&D - such as gameplay mechanics and setting - whereas others are very different.

## List of the best tabletop RPGs

[Perils &amp; Princesses](list_elements/perilsampprincesses)

[Coyote &amp; Crow](list_elements/coyoteampcrow)

[ Delta Green](list_elements/deltagreen)

[Blades in the Dark](list_elements/bladesinthedark)

[Starfinder](list_elements/starfinder)

[M&ouml;rk Borg ](list_elements/moumlrkborg)

[City of Mist](list_elements/cityofmist)

[Lancer](list_elements/lancer)

[Fabula Ultima](list_elements/fabulaultima)

[Brindlewood Bay](list_elements/brindlewoodbay)

[Fiasco](list_elements/fiasco)
